# Profane-comments-classification-using-SVM

This widespread growth of social media has led us to very serious issue and that is, users especially kids and teenagers are spending their most of the time on various social networking sites to connect with others, to share information, and to pursue common interests. In 2011, it was found by that 70% of teens use social media sites on a daily basis and nearly one in four teens hit their favourite social-media sites 10 or more times a day. While most of the teenagers benefit from their use of social media by interacting with and learning from others, they are also at the risk of being exposed to large amounts of offensive or vulgar online contents. ScanSafe's monthly "Global Threat Report" concluded that up to 85% of the major blogging sites contained offensive contents and 78% of them also included porn in the format of image, video, or offensive languages.

In addition to that,netizens are also facing the problem of cyber-bullying that occurs through offensive messages that are widely posted on social media. One study based on social media found that 24% of teens report that someone has written or posted mean or embarrassing things about them on social networking sites. As teenagers are more likely to be negatively affected by biased and harmful contents than adults, detecting online offensive contents to protect teenager’s online safety becomes an urgent need. So, to control such type of activity and prevent the unwanted messages which are written on user wall we can implement a Machine learning algorithm that can refine the texts and classify them as offensive or non-offensive contents.
